Community Impact Proposal

Summary of the Community's Needs:
  Our current community is limited in diversity, in part due to the undergraduate and graduate communities lacking diversity as a whole.
  It is a problem that lies within a much higher-level of society, but we can mitigate this by at least increasing the proportions of 
  varying ethnicities within clubs.
  It is probably most effective to target the undergraduate communities initially, with a focus on the incoming freshmen and sophomores,
  as they are more likely to still be finding communities that fit their interests. These students will most likely be fresh out of high
  school, and have had little to no prior programming experience. So, the community will need to be extremely inclusive of all skill levels
  and make learning programming accessible to everyone.
  We'll mainly advertise our community in person, at splash events and through word-of-mouth at classes. For digital communication, we can
  be active on Facebook, and advertise our Slack channel on Facebook. 
  Our culture is very friendly, but also serious when something needs to get done. As programmers, we know how to work under pressure, and
  so expect those who join us to do their due diligence as well. Of course, they can be eased in, but every member of the community ought
  to contribute.
  
My Proposal:
  As a campus expert, I hope to enrich the tech community at Boston University by raising awareness for the somewhat low-key community that
  is growing steadily, but could be growing much quicker. After raising awareness, those who have found out about our community must be
  enticed into joining. I honestly believe that if the CS club community can give off the vibe felt at HackCon V, then we'll be immensely
  popular among our target audience, as they are looking for a fun and diligent community to join. To foster this specific mood, there will
  be a need for both technical workshops, showcasing our expertise with programming, and events like a hangout or outing, telling 
  prospective community members that we know how to have fun too. With the beginning of a new school year fast approaching, it is prime
  time to talk to new students (and old ones!), to get them to join me and other members of the community to hangout. Once a friendship is
  established, it becomes a lot easier to pull them into into workshops that may pique their interest, and to support them in times of
  coding despair. As long as our community gives off a welcoming feel and inclusive nature, it should naturally become more diverse as
  students flock to us as a haven.
  This proposal aims mainly to address the imposter syndrome that plagues many tech communities, including BU's. Subsequently, a lack of
  imposter syndrome will greatly increase traffic into the CS community, and implementation of higher-level workshops will encourage 
  graduate students to become involved with us as well. The mentorship program serves to hold everything together, forming bonds between
  all levels of students and further gluing the community together.
  Primary forms of communication will likely consist of active Facebook groups/pages, as well as a Slack channel that is updated with 
  events and meetings constantly. A mailing list could be used as well, but Slack should be able to take care of most notification problems.
  
The Impact:
  Target Audience:
    - With renewed efforts to expand our tech community, we hope to mainly create a welcoming environment for freshmen and sophomores who
      are looking to develop their technical skills and meet new people
  Community Needs:
    - The main issue this proposal hopes to address is the rampant imposter syndrome that I felt (and still kind of feel!) when joining
      this community, by forming friendship and mentorship bonds
  Resources:
    - We'll need funding, probably from the department (and from sponsors for BostonHacks), to provide for snacks and drinks at
      workshops/mentorship sessions, as well as to subsidize any hangouts that people may be deterred from if needing to pay full
      price themselves
    - Our school regularly accepts proposals from various clubs for funding, as long as the reasoning behind them is sound. Also, since
      our community has established clubs already, they receive funding from BU already, which can be tapped into to create a more
      welcoming sense of community
  Media:
    - The deliverance will be spread out across multiple hangouts and workshops, as well as the maintenance of the mentorship program.
      To go forth with these events, however, will require additional funding, which will need funding requests to be submitted to BU.
    - I'll need to collaborate with a fellow aspiring campus expert, Rudhra Raveendran (Rooday), to implement these changes. He and I
      can also share views and try and hash out an optimal plan for bringing more inclusion to BU's tech community.
  Content knowledge:
    - I myself have been a victim of imposter syndrome, so I have a good idea of how to eliminate it from our community. At first
      I just wanted to be accepted. However, I found I didn't talk much during meetings because I had never really bonded with all the new
      people in front of me before. This rift was further widened by people's technical talks, making me feel like I wasn't technically
      skilled enough to work alongside them. The hangout and workshop structure aims to address both of these difficulties I faced while
      integrating into the tech community
    - To improve upon the ridding of imposter syndrome, I will definitely be drawing upon others' experiences as well, and trying to find
      solutions for those situations as well
  Timeline:
    - Our first hangout should be right after splash, our annual club showcase event. Our first workshop shouldn't
      be too far off from the hangout, perhaps the Friday that week, as we want to build upon the relationships created during the hangout.
      Going forward, people will get busier and busier, and so hangouts/workshops could be reduced to every two weeks or so. "Families"
      could even be formed, with people interested in specific areas of compmuter science, for hangouts to be more organized, and
      have monthly "all-family" competitions, either in athletics or in coding.
    - Bringing others on board with the plan will probably come earlier, a week before school starts. This gives time for people to think
      about the plan and contribute their thoughts as well.
      
Planning for the Future:
  - Halfway through the semester, around November, our community leaders should review our current community members (by looking at a
    list that we'll make, just thought of that), and once at the end of the semester, to gauge our progress. Additionally, we'll ask 
    the new members about their process, to see what we could improve.
  - Success will be measured based on the satisfaction of new members, as well as the percentage of growth we have during our checkpoints.
    Similarly, with diversity and graduate student involvement, we'll be assessing the amount of growth of those populations, and their 
    feelings of inclusion, to determine how we did.
  - The hangouts and workshops, once school gets going, will probably be every two weeks or so, with specific club meetings happening every
    week. Group events could be every month, time-permitting, and raising awareness will be constant, hopefully staying in the back of 
    everyone's minds at all times.
  
